So do think of the up of course if you remember sipping resouce as the same as the resource poor memory.
Wasn't the same then we can recognize it the F-16.
This is about a difference of if don't place the location if you want to change the upbeat option for
those virtual machine.
We have a provision for and we use static etc..
So this information about the gist of the app then we have two or three in the startup order and this
is the option that we need in this situation.
You see no do Windows XP on a six star power add on automatically.
So the question is why start boarded on to victory in Washington by five they do virtual machine number
six.
So the task is already configured in this option right now.
Start order if we Chiqui have the Group 1 then the group to then we can create as much as we want.
It's information about how much a video machine we have in this app.
So the group 1 we have the virtual machine Windows XP.
Number five of course we can change it to be in the group 2 or into Group 3 it's it's not like that
that's mean.
This one will be one.
This will be two.
So let's just keep it like that.
So when we click on this one we have some option right there.
So let's check them out.
So the startup action that's mean when we chose this startup spot on the right hand what would happen
is powered on or not if we chose not that's mean we we not have the option to power on this V-Amp.
So if we chose ball on that's mean the action that it will need to take is Balon.
So the startup sequence proceed when about 2 minutes or 120 seconds have elapsed or two are really.
That's me.
When we powered on this virtual machine when he took action to do next one and star powered arm.
So we have the option to wait about two minutes before the stop order on the second one.
That's me in this situation.
This is the database and this is the shared one connected to the Tabby's.
So we config the app to power on the virtual machine of the database and we're about two minutes before
bolted on the second virtual machine about should it go in.
So for example we know that the database need at least four minutes to work perfectly.
So automatically we can't change just one true to 14 second to power on them.
Of course we can chose any time that we want.
But in another situation that is even more true.
We just did this one and he automatically detect the how to the beat of the tool when the VM were all
sent.
I heard the beat to do the app that the virtual machine of the database is ready and bolted on perfectly
then it will go on.
But we're on the virtual machine.
So in our example it just give us about 10 seconds that's mean when you power this virtual machine about
the database.
In our situation is Windows XP and provide.
Wait 10 seconds then power on the second one and so on and so on.
Then the option of the shutdown.
That's mean when we chose shutdown.
What it should do to our operation is part of and this is not safe.
We always request to get this shut down.
That's mean.
Oh come on.
Of shut down a safe shutdown to get your machine.
So we turn to this one that's when we chose shutdown of this the shutdown do guest operating system
we do shut down.
Come on then of course the time.
How much time we need to shut down this one we give it to you.
And that's mean hey we'll shut down the second one.
So the shut process is work at the opposite direction.
When we chose shutdown it shut down the second group.
Dean do first and so on.
So we configured this one to shut down when we chose Saddam in power on when we chose.
And so the simple Stigand group we give it about 10 seconds that's me in a virtual machine in a tour
group should take ten seconds.
Then out on the tour group and so on and so on then the power off which was just shut down and so on
and so on.
Of course we have some other information right there but it's not important and not use it.
For example the Produkt their version our version information about to do this is way up there on location
if you want to reserve some if be for this virtual machine.
For example you chose the DST speech automatically lose them or you chose it stakes for it.
Does that mean that your machine will run all the way vision sex et cetera.
So this is some configuration you can do it.
I believe it is a virtual machine without needing to configure the displays.
So let's give an example about the power of power on this virtual machine.
So we give one the windows XP bolted on first day.
This one.
Secondly it will take 10 seconds between our own official of those virtual machine.
So we click OK then we try to open this one Windows XP.
Number two of course this one does not have the
VM went to.
So we have our own issues.
So this one is bolted on number five and this one number six voted on.
So if we click on the op no we have the option of power of the app and it's the M. de sooths palm.
The up this mean we've put it into stand by our living room machine into standby then begin to shut
down.
So this is bounded off.
And this is shut down sequence.
So let's click on.
OK.
No you will see that the virtual machine number six will be power of so you see right here cannot complete
operation because it is not hard the VM where all got shut down to get a pension system and its site
in Morocco because this virtual machine does not have to be in where all the power of this one.
So let's just do it manually and you will see
it all.
Yes.
Of course I mean we have another process you can't complete to the other one.
So let's fix this one and get this video machine from for just one right.
And then we delete this one from the Wii up then we try to fix this up again of course in this situation.
We're going to see that the windows new windows take a not so to become five and four.
So we can change it like adults.
This one right there would give it ten seconds for this one.
Then we chose I guess shut down.
Give it to and of course for the virtual machine that does not have the will to do we can chose the
power off in this one that does not have the intellectual parts.
Indescretion let's just keep it like that.
OK.
So no we check this one.
That is of an operating system.
So this one is one.
And this one is bolted on the walk to the up and start the shutdown sequence.
OK.
So it's not bolted on the virtual machine number five.
So if we're back right here you see the power off of the virtual machine.
This will still work.
This one start the process.
So after 10 seconds he will start part of the second one operation time it's out because we give it
all the turn seven eight time out you need to check that this one is powered off before audit of the
second one.
So this one is powered off.
Then of course this one will take a little time so let's fix the problem Godard's.
So in this situation to get our real example let's chose sort of to make it as quick as possible.
Then why this one of course is part of it.
There's not any time it's automatically stop.
They actually say OK no this virtual machine is part of for example let's try to on this one again like
that
so let's talk about it on of costs with Eucalyptol time.
If we have to divvy up this one we've reported on this wants to work perfectly if we chose this begin
to shut down that's mean.
Where is the power of option no folded up at your machine number five.
That is it.
It's bolted off then it all fits your machine before he does it it is power it off.
So the virtual machine is powered off particularly Then when we chose for on own power on this one and
wait 10 seconds then put it on the waterline so it's far away.
The Mystery Machine and before gay if we chose this one like that to connect to do Windows XP and before
then it was thought about it on the virtual machine number five.
And it is it's a process thought particularly so Windows XP number four and Windows XP number five.
So this is the idea of using the app to give you the ability to make some specific power on and power
of management for the different virtual machine.
So next we'll discover a moderate future of the team where we spend the next.